---
# can edit: title, date, categories, and tags
layout: post
title: "Moving To A New Place"
date: 2022-06-06 08:00:00 -0500
categories: [Travel]
tags: [Travel, Move, New Places]
---

# Well, I Am Moving!

### Location, Location, Location!
Without spilling too much on the location publicly. I am moving, and this time I get to re-invent myself. This move is a pretty large one at that as I will not just be changing states, I will be leaving my friends and family behind. I am still looking forward to it though as this will eventually put me in a better place for my career and life.

### Ideas On Activities
At this new location, I will be getting a new snowboard and _hopefully_ be active with it enough to start a youtube channel. My end goal before I move again (approximately a year from now) is to rent a helicopter and fly to the summit of the mountain. At that point I will just drop off the helicopter and snowboard down the mountain. Most people that know me will definitely say I am an adrenaline junkie that loves to go fast. Which to a certain degree, they are not wrong. 

### Goals Within My Career
When I finally get settled, I will start going after certifications. I would like to branch off from Software Engineering and go straight into my career field which is Cyber Security. With the program I am on, I will switch from SW to Cyber in about a year. Hopefully at that point in time I will be able to move as well to a different location. 

### My New Idea...
With moving to a new location, I am thinking of starting a YouTube channel about pen-testing networks and PCs. I may branch out a little and decide further down the line of what I actually want to make videos about. This will suck all the time I have from my life but in the end run, it will be worth it. While doing that, I will be running my adventure channel as well in tandem. 
