---
# can edit: title, date, categories, and tags
layout: post
title: "Driven"
date: 2022-06-12 23:59:00 -0500
categories: [Finance]
tags: []
---

# I have no idea what the hell I am doing...

I realized I have a problem. My problem being is that I want to make money, and make it quickly. I want to be able to topple the status I currently hold.

I come from a poor background; nothing against my family, but money has always been a struggle to say the least. This has driven me further beyond my threshhold as everything I want in life to be accomplished. When people say, "Money does not buy you happiness..." are usually the ones that forget that a dollar difference can be life or death of someone. The (most) people that tend to grow up with wealth tend to be the people that do not understand hardships. Yes, some of them may have had parents that have had been through hard times, but the person __themselves__ do not understand what it means to skip a few meals just to make it by.

## <u>Rant over</u>
Alright, lets get to the meat and potatoes of this. This years goals:

- [ ] Get a Binance & Coinbase account started
- [ ] Roth IRA account must be started
- [ ] Getting day-trader status for off market trading (while the US basically sleeps)

End goal is $50k by the end of this year. Those that know me will __know__ that I am willing to push this to an absolute limit when it comes to this. I am not going to sit back and be told that this is not accomplishable. I will not be looked down from the house on the hill. I will be the one that owns the house, and the land around it. 

I will post my gains and losses around the "finance" category when I feel like it. Until then, sit back and watch me either burn my wallet, or nose dive into the greenest cabbage I have ever had.

I am vicious today 😅

_revision 0.1 - 6/12/2022_